The day you gave your wife food poisoning
Food scraps found
I'm going to take it for testing. Okay.
Brother, why are you here?
Follow me back to the Lu family to pack up and move back to the Bai family
Why don't I go
I don't want to leave the Lu family
Did such an immoral thing
Lost the face of my prodigal family
Garden, what did I do?
You must drive me away
You drugged people
And then give yourself and your mother food poisoning?
I don't have it. I don't have it.
The drug test report and the video of your trip to the pharmacy
Do you need me to send it to you?
Ting Yue, please forgive me
I just love you so much
It was my mother who asked for your wish, so I let you go
Otherwise, what do you think you did?
Just ask the Bai family to pick you up?
Liu Zhiyi, I promise you
He won't show up again
It won't disturb your life
It better be.
Let's go
I'm not leaving